<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-gb" lang="en-gb"><!--
			Converted from VDEX to XHTML using vdex2xhtml.xsl
			(c) 2004 PRS-LTSN www.prs-ltsn.ac.uk/technical
			Authors: Nik Jewell, Tom Hebbron
			All reuse permitted provided this notice remains intact
			-->
   <head>
      <title>Glossary of Terms for Distractor Statistics</title>
      <style type="text/css">
				body{font-family: Tahoma, sans-serif;background-color:#FFFFFF;padding:1.5em;color:#000000;}
				table{border-collapse: collapse;}
				tr.r0{background-color:#E2E2E2;}
				tr.r1{background-color:#F4F4F4;}
				td,th{border:0.05em solid #000000;padding:0.5em;text-align:left;}
				th{background-color:#FFCC00;font-weight:bold;}
			</style>
   </head>
   <body>
      <h1 title="VDEX vocabulary name">Glossary of Terms for Distractor Statistics</h1>
      <h2 title="VDEX vocabulary identifier"/>
      <table title="Glossary of Terms for Distractor Statistics vocabulary terms" summary="This layout table shows the VDEX identifier, caption and description elements for terms in Glossary of Terms for Distractor Statistics">
         <thead>
            <tr>
               <th id="Identifier">Identifier</th>
               <th id="Caption">Caption</th>
               <th id="Description">Description</th>
            </tr>
         </thead>
         <tbody>
            <tr class="r1">
               <td headers="Identifier">NumberChoosingResponse</td>
               <td headers="Caption">The number of people choosing a specified response or getting a specified code.</td>
               <td headers="Description">Equal to the number of individuals that selected the response option. This
                can also be used for the number of individuals that received a certain rating on a
                judged item such as an essay question.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr class="r0">
               <td headers="Identifier">PercentChoosingResponse</td>
               <td headers="Caption">The percent of people choosing a specified response or getting a specified code.</td>
               <td headers="Description">Equal to the percent of test-takers that selected the response option. This
                can also be used for the percent of individuals that received a certain rating on a
                judged item such as an essay question.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr class="r1">
               <td headers="Identifier">AIS-Response</td>
               <td headers="Caption">Average Item Score for Response</td>
               <td headers="Description">Equal to the mean of the item scores for the group of individuals that
                selected the response option.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr class="r0">
               <td headers="Identifier">PTbis-Response</td>
               <td headers="Caption">r-pointbiserial for Response</td>
               <td headers="Description">A group-dependent measure of the discrimination of the response option, the
                pointbiserial correlation between selection of the response option and a criterion
                such as the total score on the test.</td>
            </tr>
         </tbody>
      </table>
   </body>
</html>
